After completing the set-up and account opening process, it is advisable to
complete a few cycles of sales, purchase, and manufacturing process.

### Sales Cycle

Complete a standard Sales Cycle.

> Lead > Opportunity > Quotation > Sales Order > Delivery Note > Sales Invoice
> Payment (Journal Voucher)

  

#### Lead

To begin the sales cycle, go to the Selling Icon. On the selling page, click
on [Lead.](lead)

![Lead](files/thirddaysetup-lead.png)

Fill the Lead form.

> To understand Lead in detail, visit

>

> [Lead](lead)

  

#### Opportunity

After completing the Lead form, assume that, this same lead is getting
converted into an Opportunity. Thus, to create an Opportunity from the
existing lead, click on Create Opportunity, on the Lead page.

##### Step 1: Go to 'Lead List' Page and open the Lead that shows interested
status.

![Opportunity](files/thirddaysetup-opportunity-1.png)

  

##### Step 2: Generate Opportunity from the selected Lead

![Opportunity](files/thirddaysetup-opportunity.png)

You can also generate an Opportunity directly from the Selling Page.

> To understand Opportunity in detail visit [Opportunity](opportunity).

  

#### Quotation

Imagine that your Opportunity has shown interest and asked for a Quotation. To
generate a Quotation from the same Opportunity, open the submitted Opportunity
and click on Create Quotation.

![Quotation](files/thirddaysetup-quotation.png)

You can also generate a Quotation directly from the Selling Page.

> To understand Quotation in detail visit **[Quotation**](quotation)

  

#### Sales Order

Imagine that the Quotation which you sent was accepted by the prospect. You
are now reequired to send him a Sales Order. To make a sales order from this
same Quotation, go to that Quotation page and click on Make Sales Order.

![Sales Order](files/thirddaysetup-sales-order.png)

You can also generate a Sales Order directly from the Selling Page.

> To understand Sales Order in detail visit [Sales Order.](sales-order)

  

#### Delivery Note

If your organisation has the practice of sending Delivery Note, this section
will be helpful. To create a Delivery Note from the a Sales Order, go to that
Sales Order and click on Make Delivery.

![Delivery Note](files/thirddaysetup-delivery-note.png)

> To understand Delivery Note in detail, visit [Delivery Note](delivery-note)

  

#### Sales Invoice

Save and Submit your Delivery Note to generate a Sales Invoice. You can also
generate an Invoice from Sales Order.

![Sales Invoice](files/thirddaysetup-sales-invoice.png)

  

#### Payment (Journal Voucher)

A Journal Voucher or a payment entry can be generated directly from the Sales
Invoice.

![Payment Entry](files/thirddaysetup-payment-entry.png)

> To understand a Journal Voucher in detail, visit [Journal Voucher](journal-
vouchers).

  

### Purchase Cycle

Complete a standard Purchase Cycle.

> Material Request > Purchase Order > Purchase Receipt > Payment (Journal
Voucher).

  

#### Material Request

To create a Material Request, go to Stock/Buying and Click on Material
Request.

![Material Request](files/thirddaysetup-material-request.png)

> To understand Material Request in detail, visit [Material Request](material-
request).

  

#### Purchase Order

To create a Purchase Order go to Buying and click on Purchase Order

![Purchase Order](files/thirddaysetup-purchase-order.png)

> To understand Purchase Order in detail, visit [Purchase Order](purchase-
order).

  

#### Purchase Receipt

To create a Purchase Receipt from an existing Purchase Order, open that
purchase order and click on Make Purchase Receipt.

![Purchase Receipt](files/thirddaysetup-purchase-receipt.png)  

> To understand Purchase Receipt in detail, visit [Purchase Receipt](purchase-
receipt).

  

#### Payment (Journal Voucher)

Payments made against Sales Invoices or Purchase Invoices can be made by
clicking on “Make Payment Entry” button on “Submitted” invoices.

![Payment Entry](files/thirddaysetup-payment-entry.png)  

> To understand Payment Entry in detail, visit [Payment Entry.](making-
payments)

