Login to your ERPNext account with the User ID and Password sent through the
mail.

After logging into your account you will receive a pop-up form to fill. Please
fill this form. Select the abbreviation you would wish to have for your
company. The abbreviation selected here will be used in naming most of the
business documents.

#### Form Part I

![1st Form](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-1.png)  
  

#### Form Part II

To understand about Company Financial Year or Fiscal Year visit [Fiscal
Year](http://erpnext.org/fiscal-year).

![1st Form](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-2.png)

After filling this form, you will get a pop-up message for completing the set-
up process. Click on the Setup button. The Setup page will appear.

  

#### Setup Page - Customer

The Organisation details are updated in ERPNext, after filling the first form.
Go directly to the Customer Icon.

![Customer](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-customer.png)  

After clicking on Customer, a new form will appear.  

![Customer](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-customer-1.png)

To see how customer details are added, visit [Customer](customer-master).
Create 5 new customer records in the system.

Now proceed to make an Item. To go to the main menu, click on erpnext icon
which is on the left hand corner of the page. On the main menu page, click on
Setup

![Main Menu](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-main-menu.png)

  

#### Setup Page - Item

On the setup page go to Item.

![Item](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-item.png)

Create a new Item. An Item is your company's product or a service.The term
Item is applicable to your core products as well as your raw materials. It can
be a product or service that you buy/sell from your customers/ suppliers.

Filling Item details is an important step in ERPNext. Do not postpone this
step. After clicking on Item, make a new Item.

![Item](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-item-1.png)

To understand how to fill an Item in detail, visit[ Item](item-master). Add 5
item records to ERPnext. After adding these records, go back to the Setup Page
and add Suppliers.

  

#### Setup Page - Suppliers

On the Setup page go to Supplier.

![Supplier](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-supplier.png)  

Suppliers are companies or individuals who provide you with products or
services. They are treated in exactly the same manner as Customers in ERPNext.
Create a new Supplier record.

![Supplier](assets/frappe_io/images/erpnext/firstdaysetup-supplier-1.png)

To understand how to fill Supplier details, visit [Supplier.](supplier-master)

If you wish to import your list of customers and suppliers directly to
ERPNext, you can do that via the Data Import Tool.

To upload Customers or suppliers in bulk, go to the Data Import Tool.

> Note: The data import format is case-sensitive. The file will not be
processed if there are any spelling mistakes or deviations from the default
values.

To understand how to import data, visit [Importing Data.](data-import-tool)

